Do you hear, what is the song?
- Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Who let this freak come in?
Spongers.
Throw him out!
You get money for that!
Surname?
- Bagrov.
Danila Sergeevich.
Was born in 1975.
Vokzalnaya street, 22.
A place of work?
- l have recently served at he Army.
Where did you serve?
- ln the Army.
Do you join us?
- No.
You fracture his guard's arm and hardly
knock out his eye.
You would not be sober, l would put you
into prison.
Go!
lf you do not find a job in a week
l will register you.
Do l really have fractued his arm?
No, dislocate.
But that who was crying,
who is he there?
Producer.
But what song was?
- ''Wings'' of Nautilus.
Bagrov Sergei Platonovich,
was born in 1942,
...thief-recidivist.
Was killed in the prison in January
of 1982.
My class-mate.
Do you have compact-disk of Nautilus
''Wings''.
What do you want? Get out! But l call
the police.
Would better chop wood than place
your face.
Better would stay in the Army.
Here, fool, you will be killed sooner.
You still switch on your piece
of ironmongery!
Will die in the prison as your
good-for-nothing father.
The only hope l have
- My Vitenka.
Probably an important person there
ln Leningrad.
Look at that, evereybody small
are very pretty
God!
Look!
- OK, l saw.
But look once more!
Well, would go to your brother
in Leningrad.
Will die soon, but he was for instead
of your father
lt's your blood.
He is the most relative man
all over the world.
Vitenka mine!
''BROTHER''
Who hadn't been in Moscow
hadn't seen beauty.
Chechen was dismissed.
lt's necessary to kill him.
Takes all market.
Listen, speaks:
Everything was mine in the past
''Takes from our places''.
At the meeting of bandits we
have come to the agreement.
Ours don't want the war
but he is Paramon's relative.
But Chechen is here!
ln shot - 15.
You know me, my prices are real.
Fifteen?
Money, of course, good
but for Chechen...
Here l steak my neck out.
How much?
- Twenty. And ten at once.
Week fo the preparation.
Two.
Tatarin is insolent fellow.
Have taken a lot in advance.
Stay at the market, don't catch
his eye.
Take burden for you, for not fall when
you are running.
Miss, do you have ''
Wings'' of Nautilus?
No. ls taken very quickly.
But come again must be delivered more.
And something another do you have?
- Surely.
Here you are ''Titanic over Fontanka''
with Grebenchikov.
And this ''Account for ten years''.
Friends sing the best songs.
How much is this?
This - 75800, and this - 78000.
OK, bruises, trade?
Do you have watch?
Well, now everyone gives 50 now!
From you, nit!
And what do you think?
Taxes!
- But l still...
Confiscate goods!
l don't sell anything still!
- l confiscate!
But, sun, l, l, l... haven't sold
anything.
l have not sold anything!
l have told you, confiscate!
City? City is the terrible force.
And than city is bigger,
the force is stronger.
lt carries away. Only a strong man
can get out.
And so...
What is your name?
- Goffman.
Jew?
- German.
A! Well l don't like Jews a lot.
And German?
- German? Normally.
What is the difference?
- Listen, what do stick to me?
Where have you taken me?
- Mother-land.
My parents lie here.
Sit down.
Take it.
- Wait!
What is this?
- l was taking presents for my brother.
OK, it's not destiny.
O! Give me there.
But she is pretty.
Girl, how do you do?
Tickets, please.
No, ticket.
- Tickets, please.
- Your tickets, please.
Listen, you are not russian, do you?
l tell you in russian:
l don't have ticket!
Pay a fine, please!
Listen, what fine? l am invalid.
Pay a fine or show the ticket!
Listen, there is no truth in foots,
Sit down.
But if you don't have money you
have to pay a fine.
Listen, don't you understand, do you?
Come on, come on!
Pay a fine!
Brother, don't kill!
Take the money, take everything,
do you hear?
Don't kill, brother! Here you are!
You are not my brother, nit!
How much is the fine?
- Seven.
Run!
Oh, fellows, fellows! lt's not Nara!
Nora, Nora, do you understand?
ln short, you have to go such way.
By.
Hi! Ooh! Pleer is cool!
Give me to listen.
And what do you listen?
ls anything normal?
Are you dumb?
- No.
You have an excellent pleer
but dress badly.
Do you have LSD? And money?
Do you have money?
No, l don't.
OK, l am Kat. You always can find
me here.
Will have money, come here.
Ok, by!
lt's opened!
Kneel! Hands forward!
l am looking for my brother.
Bagrov Victor,
he lived here.
l am his younger brother. l am in
Leningrad only two days.
Mother gave me his address:
Moika, 1 , apartament 8.
Hi, brother.
lt's not Leningrad, but Petersburg.
Piter is a beautifull city but province.
lt's necessary to go to Moscow.
There is all force in Moscow.
l will do all my buisnesses and to
Moscow
How is mother there?
- Normally.
Here you are for you from her.
You drink, drink. But l have buisness
today.
Take it at first time.
Dress well. Rent an aparament
or room.
Not more then hundred, and then
will see.
How is at the Army?
- Normally.
Mother wrote that you have been
at war.
O, no, was as military clerk
in headquarters.
But can you fire?
l was taken to the shooting-ground.
Hello, do you have ''Wings''
of Nautilus?
Ok, give me that you have.
He is chechen ex-terrorist.
They went to Piter from Moscow too.
They capture everything, brother.
l had told you.
This have taken market and now
suppreses russian.
l have part at that buisness, do you
understand?
He knows that we are weak now,
and he suppresses.
He has bought everybody there,
you know,
...and whom he hasn't bought he killed.
And now is my turn, Dania.
lf l don't pay...
So or they or we.
So, brother.
He likes to go around the market
in the day.
Exemines his possession, skunk.
This is the best place.
He has always guard - two - three
fighter.
Everybody are caucasian.
With guns. Beasts!
ln general, it's not simple.
Look closely, think, how you can go.
Better l give you money. 2000 dollars
Don't come to me it's dangerous.
lf something happens call me.
Take gun with charger
and thousand six hundred.
Then decide our questions.
- l am fine.
Hello, it's we there wasn't Tatarin.
How much is the potatoes?
One and a half thousand.
How is your trade?
Everything is fine!
Only this bandit with his fellows
is looking for you.
Listen, German,
l need rent a small room...
...in the center.
Ask yours, a?
Take it.
Thanks.
So have you found your brother?
- Yes, l have.
Who?
- Zinka, open!
What Zinka? Go away from here
bim!
Are you crazy, old man? Open!
Zinka, l tell you!
Fool! Have lost your mind! What?
What do you want?
- l have bought tenant to you.
Take!
Do they go?
Well, old man, have become mangy
without me?
Hey, listen, dear!
Buy water-melon.
Delicious!
Surely! Look, just wonder!
l ate seven yesterday
- OK.
How much?
- Six thousands.
Oh, thank you!
As you please!
Oh! What is happening?!
That man with water-melon!
May be you need my help?
Go, go! l will find you.
lt wasn't Tatarin, and young man.
Did everything professionally.
Chechen is dead and he ran away.
Took yellow tram and went.
l shooted this skunk.
He killed Shisha.
Shisha? Was killed?
l don't know exactly.
He was taken at hospital.
But why did you shoot,
if it's not Tatarin?
But l...
We have to pay money to Tatarin
all the same.
Stupid!
And that he killed Shisha is very good.
We will remain above suspicion.
Well Tatarin! ...
His life is hang by a thread,
but he thinks about profit!
You have to be taken to hospital.
l can't go to hospital, German.
Ok, German, we will break through.
Zina! Zina!
Oh, would meet you in 1943
in the enverons of Kursk!
Go away, fool, go!
- Zina, come here.
Take more strong vodka...
...and bandage, and this...
...streptocid.
And look antibiotics.
And take something for old man,
...for not bore.
- Ok.
German, you are clever.
Tell me, what do we live for?
O, this is decision of everyone.
This is a proverb:
''That is good for Russian -
it's death for German.
l live for disprove that.
Do you have a girl-friend?
What about Zinka?
Probably was beaten from her?
All right.
German you are good man.
Stall is closed.
Why do you stand? Let's go!
What happen to face?
Husband.
May be you need my help?
No, Everything is Ok.
Where is your fellow-traveller?
Jumped at the corner of Middle and
Eighteenth.
Did you go a long time?
A long time.
Why didn't you call the police?
Shoots neatly.
What is, that is.
Be careful, if you lie me,
l will punish you.
Not one is happy who has a lot
of property...
...but another who has faithful wife.
Good afternoon.
Where were you? New disk
of Nautilus appears.
ls cold ''Applechina''.
Have bought up.
But this is something else.
Give me.
Tatarin? lt's me.
We have to meet. l have buisness.
Who did this?
A, husband. When he is drunk.
They were looking for you.
l told them that you jumped at
the Middle.
How is your bullet, closed up?
- Yes, all right.
l would like to eat!
May be come to me.
How about your husband?
Overeat pears.
What is your name?
- Danila.
My name is Sveta.
This is ''play''.
This is ''stop''.
Rewind for forward and back.
This is ''volume''.
Do you understand? Understand?
Give me phone number.
- What?
Phone number.
- Neighbours will take.
Give me call! Call!
Husband?
Tell!
- l don't want!
Hello!
Hello, brother. Give me money. Ok?
Dania! l am looking for you.
Where are you?
Hello! Brother, l don't hear you.
Call me again.
phone number is 31 1-05-36, Ok?
Hello! Dania? Hey, brother.
Where were you?
Everything is OK?
Come to me quickly!
Take a car!
No, l go to the concert today.
Nautilus sings.
l will be tomorrow.
OK, don't be offended!
May be l tell you somewhen.
Let's we are late.
Hi!
- Hi!
Do you like to be drunk?
- Yes.
You don't like such music?
- Squeese!
l see you dress well, something new.
Do you get money?
l will have tomorrow.
Well, l know where there is cool hemp.
Will smoke as adults?
Here you are, call me.
ls your mother?
- No.
A, Ok, by.
Who is this girl?
- Familiar.
Brother, you did good buisness.
Helped me and people.
Only Russian people will trade now.
What about Germans?
- What Germans?
Germans will trade?
Well, German.
- For what Germans?
Brother l have one suggestion for you,
...let's open
the firm ''Brothers Bagrov''.
ls heard well!
No, tell me do you like it?
What we are going to do?
- Buisness. ln general - everything.
But is the main problem-
competitor.
Round. This is his nickname.
A?
Well surprise. Suprise!
Well do l go to you?
lt's possible to listen to your disks?
lt's possible.
Button ''play'' where is it?
- Green.
What is it?
This is the Nautilus's concert.
Anniversary. Very rarely.
l have gotten it.
There are Shevchuk, Kinchev,
Nastia - everybody.
Yes.
No. l can't today.
l have a rest, yes!
l said no.
Well. l don't have enough time
to talk to you?
By!
Husband?
- A?
No, my partner asked to replace her.
Rat, gave me left copy!
Where did you serve?
At headquarters.
Who are you?
- l am Danila, and who are you?
l? Pavel Evgrafovich.
And were is Svetka?
Svetka? She is out.
And you Pavel Evgrafovich
listen to me very attentively.
Now you give me the key.
And will forget number of this house...
...and phone number for ever.
Understand?
A, follower!
What do you beat?
Key.
l will see you once more
l will kill you.
We see who will win.
Kat? Hi, lt's me Danila.
Do you remember with pleer?
You gave me phone number
at the concert.
Said: ''Will have money call you''.
Yes, l have.
A, lt's you? l am thinking which Danila,
...what pleer.
Give the money.
Take.
Well, what about a half of doze?
Let's smoke?
What do they sing about?
lt's not all the same for you?
Sing very well.
l don't like it.
He, stupid, likes Nautilus.
Your american music is shet.
Well, what do you argue?
l told is shet
and you argue.
And you all...
Soon your Amerika will die.
For all you will make mug.
Do you understand?
What did you bore? He is the French.
Let's go.
What is the difference?
Do you have contraceptives?
- What for?
Well how what for? Do you think,
...l will give you money?
And, Zhanna has.
What happen to you?
- Yes for not be intoxicated.
Well what about you? Let's go!
Hello!
- Dania?
Rescue, brother! l am ill.
lt is necessary to come
and meet instead of me urgently.
Yes, at once behind hotel
Pribaltiyskaya,
...on Vasilievskiy, at five o'clock.
''Volvo'' will be there, two guys in it.
They will tell you everything.
They are brainless, but you look
yourself there as well as that.
Brother, as for me, l am brainless too.
l have a headache. l can not.
Brother! Will not help me l'll die.
Rescue!
lt is a part of our common buisness.
l can not on the phone,
Dania, realize?
Take everything with you.
Do not think about money.
Rescue, brother!
OK.
Well, bandits!
We have found this skunk only
yesterday.
He is hardened .
Was hidden almost of half-year.
Has returned now.
Lives at the friend's house.
l think, we will be in main entrance
and we shall wait.
Three?
Listen, do you have the tablet from
a headache?
No, l haven't!
There is secret passage.
Directly from a flat.
l have cheked up.
And the door to the garret.
lt is possible there.
Why are we three?
We with lron together...
And do they have guns?
- And what did you think?
Such money have gotten!
Call!
Makar, you?
- Quiet, skunk!
On the floor! On the floor!
Where is he?
- Who?
Has not understood, sun of a bitch?
Do not shoot!
Went to the underground for vodka.
Will come soon. Do not shoot,
it is not necessary!
There is nobody.
Well look, skunk!
lron, tie him!
Do not flash before a window!
Do you have music?
On the floor!
Guys, l, probably, came in wrong
place, probably, l have to go higher.
lt is not him!
Who is it?
What is your name?
- Stepan.
You, Stepan, do not be afraid.
We will not touch you.
You only sit silently and do not twitch.
ls it OK?
- ls it OK?
Who are you?
- Producer on the '' Wireless 1 ''.
Producer? l saw one producer,
he made this clip...
They all are pederasts!
Nobody will touch you here.
l am responsible for you.
You sit silently.
We wait for one fellow,
...we will talk,
then you we will let you go.
lf something wrong, bitch,
l will shoot you.
Do you have the tablet from
headache, Stepa?
No, l don't? lt is a pity.
Look, you will pay for the mistake
with your life, bitch!
Birthday, tell, birthday.
Today is my birthday!
How much time takes way from
the underground?
15 minutes.
lf he doesn't come in five minutes,
You will die.
Silently!
Hi!
- Hi.
And do celebrate here?
- No.
No?
- Slava! Well what about you?
l have told, to the
top and to the left.
O! Excuse me!
l will be in a minute.
- Quiet, skunk!
Pleasant appetite!
Hi, guys!
- Hi.
Look, do not fall! Take my hand.
Hi.
- Hi.
What do you want?
Do you have the tablet from
headache?
l have a hard headache.
- Better drink vodka.
No, Thanks, l would like a tablet.
Well let's go.
Come on.
Take, treat!
May l sit with you for a moment?
Sit, certainly.
Did you want to run away?
We were nearly have been killed!
lf l would - l will do it.
Well, let's go through black entrance.
lron, decide this question.
Wait, l do it myself. Give.
Colt revolver!
Silently, silently, quiet! We have
come to an agreement. Ok!
Ok, Ok! Everything is over! Let me go!
Come on. lt's over, it's over.
You see that?
ln general, l don't like producers.
you are good - you are normal fellow.
Listen, do you know, Butusov?
Yes?
l like their music very much.
And truthly do they have produced
new album ''Applechina''? Yes?
And do you have it?
- Yes.
Listen, be the friend - give to copy,
Ok? Will give?
My name is Danila.
Will you help me, Ok?
Well l will go?
- What?
Let's go have a drink.
Zin?
- A?
He is my friend Stepa.
Well l go?
OK.
Come to us.
l'm sorry, that so has happened.
Well what do you look at?
l have saved good
people. And this feeble too.
God is the judge for you.
German, they are there, in the crypt,
near the fence.
Bury them humanly.
Hi.
- Hi.
ls the husband at home?
On business trip.
Husband - to Tver,
and wife - to door?
May we come in, and that it's
not in Russian.
l asked you: do not lie your husband.
lt's not in Christian.
Well, well. l, truthly, do not know,
...where does he live and
What does he do.
Clear.
He has lived in my house two days,
...but he has found me himself.
l have already sent him.
l speak the truth.
Like honey - like cold.
Let me go!
- Don't move!
Resists!
-Scums!
Do not touch me, skunk! Let me go!
- Ooh, bitch! l will kill!
Scums!
- Lie!
l kill skunk!
Yours came. Asked for you.
l truthly do not know, who you are and
where you live.
Did not believe.
the main of them, with round face.
Was sayings proverbs all the time.
Let's sing?
l am a tone deaf.
Yes, has understood.
Speak had served at headquarters?
Military clerk?
At first Shisha, then two have
disappeared.
And now Mole has been killed.
So simply!
Live longer - will see more.
Yes. Dania, you?
Something happen?
Yes, has heppened, brother.
Are you alone?
Well, soon l will come, and will tell.
Will arrive.
What do you want?
- Old man, sell a rifle.
One million.
- Give.
Money give in advance.
Dollars?
- Here one million two hundred.
Give all cartridges.
Five. For ducks.
Will lie silently -
l shall let you go.
Well. Has understood.
Weapon on the floor!
Arms at the head!
Lie everybody by chops on the floor!
Vitia, stand up!
Do not shoot, brother, please,
do not shoot!
What do you tell, brother?
Stand up, it's over.
Forgive, brother!
Do not shoot, please,
do not kill.
Brother!
- Do not shoot.
You are my brother!
You were for me instead
of my father.
l called you Daddy. What you?
And remember, l have pierced my
leg at the fishing?
You carried me to home
ten kilometers.
And remember, l had frightened,
...and you laughed at me?
Do you remember?
You promised!
l keep my word.
And you tell:
...who will touch brother -
l will kill! Go!
lt is he has put you.
- l know.
Forgive, brother.
- Well what you?
Where is the money?
ln his suitcase. Have taken
everything, skunk!
And you go home to the Mum.
She is old already.
She needs help.
Will give money to her.
Get fixed up in a job in militia.
Uncle Kolia, is the chief there,
...the father's classmate.
Do you remember?
There is a place there.
Don't take the train.
Go away from city
on the passing cars.
Well, brother, good-by!
God will give will see.
You, stinker, have forgotten?
- Pasha!
Has forgotten, what did l speak to you?
- Pasha! Pashenka! Pasha!
Has forgotten?
- Pasha!
l will breake your habbit to fuck
with everybody!
l will make
your slink-follower eat shet!
Where is he?
Where is this rat, a?
l am here!
Well, has come, abrupt?
Well , brother, how will we devide
the bint?
You are not my brother!
Pasha! Remove your hands! Now, now.
Now, Pasha, now.Silently, quiet,
silently.
Now, Pasha, now.
Sveta!
Come on shoot!
Kill everybody! Well?
You are abrupt!
What is for...
...to kill a man?
Military clerck!
Sveta!
- Go! Give a towel.
Sveta, l will go later.
Now, Pasha, now.
l have money. Let's go.
Silently, silently, Pasha.
Silently, quiet. Now.
Now, Pasha, now.
Sveta!
- Go, l have told!
And won't come here any more!
.
l do not love you.
Now, Pasha, now.
Everything will be Ok.
Now.
lt's over, over,
Pashenka, it's over.
l have brought a record to you.
lt... As you have money, give me,
for treatment,
...and that you see how...
You spoke: city - force, and here
everybody are feeble.
City - malicious force. Strong comes,
becomes feeble.
The city takes force.
And it's have happened to you.
Here you are.
What do you? Take! A lot of
money here. Live.
That is good for Russian - is the
death for German.
Well, German, good-by.
Thank you.
Guys, Didn't you see Kat?
Look at the ''McDonald's''.
lf you from the money - for nothing.
l did not take it.
What are you going to do?
- l do not know.
May be to ''Piramida'',
...may be ''Planetariy'',
but it's expensive there.
Penkin sings today.
lt's early now, for what to think!
Pinnokio, give 60 thousands.
Let's take LSD
ln the everning l will stand.
l am going.
Well, what did you want?
To say good-by.
Well by.
Take. Will go to Penkin.
What is that?
This is for me?
- Well, by!
May be you need something?
Well, do l go?
l have recently served at the Army.
Where did you serve?
You know l was a military clerck
at the headquarters.
Whom do you want to be?
Me, l do not know.
A driver.
Listen, may l turn on the music?
l haven't listened anything for
along time.
Go ahead!
Well, well, a!
Yes.
>> Napisy pobrane z http://napisy.org <<
>>>>>>>> nowa wizja napisów <<<<<<<<